docs/README.md, before:

# Better Wisps

## Summary

Make the Wisp do a better job. 

## License
**GNU Affero General Public License v3.0**

## Details
Adds upgrade options to the wisp to allow it to clean a larger area of mist.

### Dependencies
- <a href="https://valheim.thunderstore.io/package/denikson/BepInExPack_Valheim/"  target="_blank">BepInExPack Valheim</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/Valheim-Modding/Jotunn" target="_blank">Jotunn (JVL)</a>

### Installation (manual)
1. Download the latest release archive (zip) file.
1. Extract the archive into &lt;Steam Location&gt;\steamapps\common\Valheim\BepInEx\plugins

### Configuration 
- No need to configure.

### Issues/Questions/Bugs
- Use the repo issues tab above.

### Support Me @ https://www.buymeacoffee.com/digitalroot


<hr />
<p align="center">
<b>Digitalroot can be found in the following Discords</b><br />
  <a href="https://discord.gg/Xh3UHcDC" target="_blank"><img src="https://digitalroot.net/img/jvldisc.png"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/randyknappmods" target="_blank"><img src="https://digitalroot.net/img/epiclootdisc.png"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/BHbTumqG7U" target="_blank"><img src="https://digitalroot.net/img/odinplusdisc.png"></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Update for 0.214.2 Lowered Max Level default to 5 Raised Base Range to 15

docs/README.md, after:

# Better Wisps

## Summary

Make the wisps do a better job. 

## License
**GNU Affero General Public License v3.0**

## Details
Adds progression based upgrade options to the wisp to allow it to clear a larger area of mist.

### Dependencies
- <a href="https://valheim.thunderstore.io/package/denikson/BepInExPack_Valheim/"  target="_blank">BepInExPack Valheim</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/Valheim-Modding/Jotunn" target="_blank">Jotunn (JVL)</a>

### Installation (manual)
1. Download the latest release archive (zip) file.
1. Extract the archive into &lt;Steam Location&gt;\steamapps\common\Valheim\BepInEx\plugins

### Configuration 
- **Base Range** - Base clear range of the Wisp Light.
- **Increased Range Per Level** - How much the clear range is Increased per level of the Wisp Light.
- **Max Level** - Max level of the Wisp Light.
- **Wisps Per Level** - Amount of Wisps needed per level.
- **Silver Per Level** - Amount of Silver needed per level.

### Issues/Questions/Bugs
- Use the repo issues tab above.

### Support Me @ https://www.buymeacoffee.com/digitalroot


<hr />
<p align="center">
<b>Digitalroot can be found in the following Discords</b><br />
  <a href="https://discord.gg/Xh3UHcDC" target="_blank"><img src="https://digitalroot.net/img/jvldisc.png"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/randyknappmods" target="_blank"><img src="https://digitalroot.net/img/epiclootdisc.png"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/BHbTumqG7U" target="_blank"><img src="https://digitalroot.net/img/odinplusdisc.png"></a>
</p>
